[Docs] rules presets (#480)
telerik/fiddler-everywhere-docs: rules-presets/ui-modifications/mark-long-living-sessions.md

---

> title: Mark Long Living Sessions

Reviewer: Google tends to present results for "long-lived sessions" rather than "long living sessions". Apply at your discretion, I will not be marking any more instances of the term.

description: "Marking Long Living Sessions while using Fiddler's rules."
slug: adv_marking_long_living_sessions
position: 10
---

# Marking Long Living Sessions

> The Fiddler Everywhere user interface can be dynamically changed based on your preferences. You can highlight matched sessions through the **Mark Sessions** action, which allows you to set the background and the text color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can dynamically change the Fiddler Everywhere user interface based on your preferences. You can highlight matched sessions through the **Mark Sessions** action and set their the background and text color.
```

## Creating a "Mark Long Living Sessions" Rule

Create an "Mark Long Living Sessions" rule by setting the following actions through the [Rules Builder]({%slug modify-traffic-get-started%}).

- Create a matching condition that uses the "When **all these conditions** are met **any number of times**". 

- Match by a **Session Type** that uses string values that match the desired session's types. For demonstration purposes, we match **WebSocket**, **gRPC**, **RPC**, **Socket.IO**, and **Server-Side Events** sessions.

- Create a **Mark Session** action and set the preferred background and foreground (text) colors.

![Creating "Mark Long Living Sessions" rule](../../images/advanced/mark-long-living-sessions.png)

Once the rule is created, enable the **Rules** tab, toggle the rule switch, and start capturing traffic.

![Activating the "Mark Long Living Sessions" rule](../../images/advanced/mark-long-living-sessions-active.png)

> >tip You can create the rule and then use the **Play** button to immediately apply the new UI effect to all captured sessions in the Live Traffic grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>tip You can create the rule and then use the **Play** button to immediately apply the new UI effect to all captured sessions in the **Live Traffic** grid.
```

---
title: Mark Long-Living Sessions
description: "Learn how to mark long-living sessions with Fiddler's rules."
slug: adv_marking_long_living_sessions
position: 10
---

# Marking Long-Living Sessions

> You can dynamically change the Fiddler Everywhere user interface based on your preferences. You can highlight matched sessions through the **Mark Sessions** action and set their the background and text color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can dynamically change the Fiddler Everywhere user interface based on your preferences. You can highlight matched sessions through the **Mark Sessions** action and set their background and text color.
```

## Creating a "Mark Long-Living Sessions" Rule

Create a "Mark Long-Living Sessions" rule by setting the following actions through the [Rules Builder]({%slug modify-traffic-get-started%}).

1. Create a matching condition that uses the "When **all these conditions** are met **any number of times**" pattern. 

1. Match by a **Session Type** that uses string values that match the desired session types. For example: **WebSocket**, **gRPC**, **RPC**, **Socket.IO**, and **Server-Side Events** sessions.

1. Create a **Mark Session** action and set the preferred background and foreground (text) colors.

![Creating "Mark Long-Living Sessions" rule](../../images/advanced/mark-long-living-sessions.png)

Once the rule is created, enable the **Rules** tab, toggle the rule switch, and start capturing traffic.

![Activating the "Mark Long-Living Sessions" rule](../../images/advanced/mark-long-living-sessions-active.png)

> >>tip You can create the rule and then use the **Play** button to immediately apply the new UI effect to all captured sessions in the **Live Traffic** grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>tip You can create the rule and then use the **Play** button to immediately apply the new UI effect to all captured sessions in the **Live Traffic** grid.
```

Download a ready-to-use <a href="https://github.com/telerik/fiddler-everywhere/tree/master/rules/mark-long-living-sessions" target="_blank">"Mark Long-Living Sessions"</a> rule as a FARX file, which you can import through the Rules toolbar.

## See Also

> * [Learn more about the Rules functionality in FIddler Everywhere here...]({%slug modify-traffic-get-started%})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Learn more about the Rules functionality in Fiddler Everywhere here...]({%slug modify-traffic-get-started%})
```
